Good evening, family. Thank you for joining me again today.
We're going to go right into prayer here pretty quick. I won't keep you very long on the news part.
I told Braden, I said, "We got to keep it short."Last night was just way too long.
We did it for over an hour and a half, I think, going over everything.
Well, we hadn't been with you in three days, and there was so much going on.
It was entertaining. I can tell you that I enjoyed part of it.
But there are some of you who say, "I just want to pray,"so we are going to pray more and more.
We have to, because that's our job. It's our calling. That's what I want to say: we need to really push through in the spirit realm.
All right. Do you have anything you want to show them, Braden?
Yeah. You ready? All right. No, not this one. Keep my song. Okay.
Right off the bat, did anybody see the Truth Social post from President Trump today?
He posted on Truth Social and he said he wants to put himself on the $100 bill, which he could have been kidding.
But what I thought was sad again is, you know, and I'm not picking at this man—I want you to understand—everybody says, "Brandon, you're too hard.
You need to say this and that."I'm not a brown-noser. One thing I'm going to tell you, I am not a hiney kisser either.
I am a person who is going to stand for what I believe is in the Bible, and we're going to stand with a backbone like a crowbar in these end times, or you're going to get the devil running you right over in your household.
There are much more distractions and much more unsettling times coming because we know what the word says, and we can't change the word.
The word is going to stand like a pillar in these end times. From Matthew 24, people say, "Brandon, can we pray away Matthew 24?"No.
If Jesus said it, it's going to happen. What can you do for you and your house concerning Matthew 24?
People say, "Well, Matthew 24, Brandon, scares me."Well, to the unbeliever, it should.
But I believe for the believing believer, we have a covenant.
We're his kids. We're adopted into his family. He has us in the palm of his hand.
And I believe with all my heart that we can take communion. We can take our authority.
We anoint our house with oil when it comes to plagues. The Hantavirus, Havana, whatever it is. Yeah. To COVID to whatever, smallpox, whatever.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ paid the price for us to walk in victory over everything.
Sickness, disease, poverty, lack; he took it all. That Jesus Christ paid the price for all of everything once and for all.
We are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. The moment you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, he dwells on the inside of you.
And as he is, so are we in this world. You go, "Well, I don't believe that."Well, that's your problem.
I believe it. Well, what happens if I get it and I die? Well, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
We have victory. We go from glory to glory. If you go out believing, you go out believing strong.
But at least you can say I was on the victory side of believing instead of being a doubting Thomas and saying, "Well, everything's going; the sky is falling, Chicken Little."And I'm telling you, it's going to take some men and women that have that David mentality: "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he tries to defy the armies of the living God?"I'm going to take that giant's head.
And if we have that kind of mentality in these last days with that backbone, we're going to see some victory. I just believe it. Well, we haven't seen it before.
Well, because you have a bunch of limp-wristed metrosexual men running our churches with skinny jeans and fog machines.
You got a bunch of limp-wristed metrosexual sissies that don't have no testosterone up in your churches running them.
And until you get a backbone like a crowbar and stand against what the devil's trying to do and teach your family how to stand against the devil and all the ways he's trying to do out there in the world with all this seeker-friendly garbage that we hear on the news and all this other stuff.
Well, I don't know what I relate myself to be. The political correctness is destroying our culture, and all the things that we see on the news is destroying our culture.
They're desensitizing you and they're brainwashing you to believe something that is not the word of God.
And people are taking it like a Hoover vacuum cleaner and sucking it up and going, "Well, that's all right.
We'll make it a doctrine in the church."And the only thing that's ever going to deliver you in these last days is the true word of God, this Bible, not anything altered, not anything that's going to be added to or taken away from.
We read it right out of the book and we walk it by faith. We live by faith and not by sight.
We stand for what the word says, and we go by what the word says, and we do what the word says, and we keep doing it.
And faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And that's the only way you're going to get through these end times and these last days.
I pray Jesus comes back in September and it'll be the month to remember, you know, the rhyme. But I believe that we have some things to do yet.
I believe there's a lot of souls that need to be saved as we were travailing for them last night, praying for the lost in Australia, praying for the lost in North Korea, etc.
There's a lot of people that are going to hell if they die tonight.
And the Lord doesn't want any of us to perish, but all come to repentance.
And there's so many people that are just so limp-wristed, so weak in their faith and they don't even know how much Jesus did for them and what he did for them for you to walk in victory.
You don't have to be down and out and have the devil running you ragged.
The devil's chasing you all over. You should be chasing the devil. We have the power and authority.
The same power that raised Jesus Christ from the dead dwells on the inside of you. Either you believe it or you don't.
I'm fully persuaded that what God has promised in his word, he is able also to perform it.
And so we see all these things going on. What did I tell you I saw in the White House?
I saw a demonic covering trying to come over like a cloak onto our president.
That fly is going to—I'm going to slap that fly. Get out of here.
I saw a demonic covering trying to come over our president and the Lord said that is the Antichrist spirit trying to oppress, trying to come on him to mess with his thinking.
Then I saw a bird that was cloaked and it was black, a black bird in a cage and it would hide himself and it would peck his brain.
Hide himself and it was peck his brain and it was messing with him and I saw it in the oval office and the Lord said it's trying to influence his thinking.
Then I said there's a dark thing coming which is the king. He came a couple about a week ago and the Lord said pray there's alliances.
There's things being said. A couple weeks later, the other man that's over England is resigning.
Why? What happened? Why is he all of a sudden quitting? Do we have an explanation for that?
Not yet. So then we see gold statues being brought up next. Well, Brandon, it's okay.
You know, Abraham Lincoln had a statue. Well, after he was dead, he did. And it wasn't a golden idol. It wasn't a golden statue.
I don't try to get, you know, I don't want to put a devil behind every bush, but I told you to refrain from the presence of evil, to stay away from it.
Now, what happened today is: are we going to keep, as believing believers, and not hear what we're seeing on the wall and ignore it, or will you take it and really start interceding for this man?
I know there's a lot of you that haven't, and I'm not fussing at you.
I'm trying to say there has to be some reality. Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
Look at the people who drank the Kool-Aid. Remember them? They were in the occult.
Remember the guy? He had them all drink the Kool-Aid and they didn't make it.
They were all poisoned. They all drank the Kool-Aid; they found their bodies everywhere.
Do you remember who that was? It was back in the 80s. Trump puts out this thing—well, this is the part that bothered me.
And God bless Donald Trump, but instead of 'In God We Trust'on our real $100 bill, President Trump put 'God Bless Donald Trump,'not 'In God We Trust.'He put his face on there, and I thought, 'Okay, we can handle that.'But you took off 'In God We Trust'and put 'God Bless Donald Trump'on your Truth Social.
So you're thinking about you; it's no more about America anymore, sir.
You put 'God Bless Donald Trump,'and we pray for God to bless you, sir, but it's about God blessing America.
'In God We Trust.'We trust in Him, not in you. And it isn't about God blessing you only and putting you on the currency.
And you're putting that on your Truth Social. I love you; we pray for you all the time.
But this is the pride that I'm talking about that the Lord keeps warning us about over and over.
We are praying for you. I am told your secretary watches us; we pray for you. I am not against you. I love you, I pray for you.
But this is the stuff I'm talking about, from the Jesus picture and all that.
Well, this is the third or fourth thing in less than a month. And people are going to go, 'Well, it's all right.
God bless Donald Trump instead of In God We Trust; we can just kind of bypass that.'Again, I am not a brown-noser.
I'm going to tell you, we pray for you. Please keep yourself humble before the Lord. God will not share His glory with anyone.
I don't care if you're the most powerful man in the world or if you've got the most power; God will not share His glory with anyone.
And the church must humble themselves and seek only Jesus because the only person who's going to save America is Jesus Christ.
An awakening unto God is the only thing that's going to save America.
Donald Trump is a man, and God can use him. But we have to keep the main thing the main thing.
We pray for humility; we pray for God to keep His hand on this man because I believe He has things for him to do.
But Jesus stood right there in my house and He warned me about this in January, and I got so persecuted from the church because everybody's drinking the Kool-Aid.
And I say, 'Don't drink the Kool-Aid.'Pray for him because there's a demonic covering trying to come over this man.
And the Lord said—Jesus said, as He stood right there with three angels—'I'm holding the church accountable on how they pray for him.'He's going through the valley of decision right now.
What he decides—and there was a great storm on one side and a great, beautiful valley with green on the other side—He said he can choose where he's at right now and the decisions he makes for the rest of his term.
This will either make him or break him, five months into it now of this year. I'm trying to be...
like I said, I'm probably not the most politically correct person you'll ever hear because I'm all about Jesus.
I'm sold out. I have tasted and I have seen that the Lord is good.
And there is no man, there is no idol, there's no dollar bill—there's nothing that will ever take the place of my Lord Jesus Christ.
And I'm fearful for what I see in the church, for they are asleep.
And the Lord said, 'I'm bringing a great shaking to awaken, to bring the bride to My side.'In season or out, in season or not, the Lord said it all comes out of the spirit to come into the natural.
Whatever is in a man's heart, however a man thinks about himself, whatever things he's meditating on, whatever things he's saying out of his mouth...
out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. You can see it because of how it's manifested in the spirit and manifested in the natural; it starts showing up in things like this.
This is what the Lord warned us about and He said, 'Pray for him.'So, do we take responsibility for that?
Everybody has their own choices to make, but I said we have to carry him across the finish line because he won't make it on his own.
He had cement blocks on his feet. I saw the church either pick him up, or he stood there and he wasn't moving.
He was trying, but there was a great antichrist. Demonic spirits were coming against him—Jezebel, there are demonic spirits coming against this man.
And I saw octopus spirits; I saw tentacles of an octopus trying to wrap around his mind, sending out ink to blot it out so you couldn't see it.
So we continue to pray. Next: Obama. Obama had a secret meeting today with the Canadian Prime Minister—president, whatever he is.
What did I tell you? I saw about Obama and Canada. Remember that prophetic word?
I saw Obama and England and I said the Democrats were talking to Canada and they were devising a plan.
Do you remember that? We can bring out the video; I can show you real quick.
But I saw something very dark concerning this meeting right here, but the meeting hadn't taken place yet.
It was about five or six weeks ago; we saw this in prayer. We saw this meeting and we saw Kamala Harris was involved somehow.
Do you remember, Bee? Yes, I do. I remember because I'm seeing it right now, and he's shaking his hand.
It was because of the trade and the things that were going on, and I said the Democrats are a part of this.
What's happening there? It's part of the coup and the January 6th...
keep going. Why is Obama going and meeting with him? He's not even president anymore.
Then we have another major oil refinery explode in Mexico today, and it went boom.
At least six people were injured after an explosion and fire at a refinery in Mexico.
Just mysteriously, another one just goes up. Boom. Just another day in the world, right?
It's just normal. All of a sudden, all this is happening. Are y'all letting the elevator go to the top yet?
Then, really mysteriously, we have a gas line explode. At least one person was killed and three others were injured.
Search dogs were deployed to check for more victims under the rubble.
It was in Brazil. They're showing all this on fire. That's not a refinery, son.
They said an old pipeline—not an old pipeline. Well, that's probably nothing; that's probably just a residence.
Okay, yeah, this one's the refinery. So that's what we'll go with because that's part of it.
We had Tulsa, we've had... I mean, in Louisiana, they're all going boom. Next.
Saudi Arabia secretly launches strikes against Iran in retaliation for attacks.
So MBS, who I said I believe in my opinion is the Antichrist, is attacking Iran.
And I said, 'Watch MBS; he'll rise up big time in the days ahead.'Next.
Oh yeah, and then they said, 'Exclusive: CIA launches a secret war on cartels with military operative inside Mexico.'Remember, I saw the trucks and I saw military operative.
I saw a cartel and what did the Lord show us? That there would be a lot of major leaders in the cartel in the days ahead being taken out.
And when they are taken out and this happens, I saw turf wars because they didn't know who was in charge and who wasn't because a lot of members were eliminated in the days ahead.
And I saw turf wars and I saw Claudia being taken out of her office and she was dragging her nails across the desk.
And I saw a new man that looked like an Antonio Banderas actor.
He looked very GQ, very proper. His suit was really nice. He was a nice-looking man.
He was leading the people and the Lord said this will only happen by prayer and I saw a new leader coming into Mexico.
I don't know. What did Glenn Beck say? The power. Let them see it.
Can we steal it and then we'll have to take it out? You can't keep it. But for the people, they want to see it. I like Glenn Beck.
The drought that we are in, they believe that by the end of summer, if things don't change, we will be in the drought of 1610.
The drought of 1610 was the breaking point. Nobody could grow anything. I saw a story about the Hoover Dam.
When you look at the Hoover Dam that is providing, I think it's 25 million people with their electricity, mainly California and Nevada.
To generate electricity, you need to have a lot of water behind that dam.
If this doesn't correct itself, you're going to have major electricity shortages by 2027 or 2028.
If we don't get miraculous rain here, California is in real trouble.
The drought that we are in, they believe the Lord told us, remember I said in 2023, 'There is no water.
There is no water. There is no water.'And we heard it three times.
And the Lord said there was a new dust bowl coming. I saw a new dust bowl.
And I saw the farmers for some reason left their tractors in the fields and they were all plowed up and there was dirt blowing everywhere.
And I saw a great drought. And the Lord said, 'Weather warfare.'Weather manipulation.
I saw weather manipulation and weather warfare concerning rain.
Now, I don't understand that, but I saw it was weaponizing for great storms, great hail storms, huge hail storms and major hurricanes in certain places that would be catastrophic that they would have to make a new category of hurricane or tornado in the days ahead because of how big the tornadoes will become, weaponizing weather.
And the Lord said, 'You must teach the people how to stand in their authority concerning weather, praying over the weather, and calling in the rain.'He's given us power and authority over the rain to tell the rain to come.
We're facing drought in Oklahoma. We're facing drought all over the West.
And there are some places that have got more rain than others, but we need a lot more.
We're just a couple of weeks away from summer, and it will be very, very hot and dry without the rain.
We need it now. So, we've been calling it in. Call in the rain.
Help me. Use your faith. Believe God for rain for the land. Can these bones live?
It's symbolic. There's a drought in this church and the Lord's going to bring forth a rain.
But as we were praying last night, he said, 'All it takes is a spark. All it takes is a little spark to light on fire.
Watch.'And I saw a spark happening in Australia and in these places.
And all of a sudden, Holy Ghost gasoline was poured on those sparks, on that fire, and it became a wildfire.
And the Lord, we were praying forth a Holy Ghost tornado, a Holy Ghost whirlwind, a stirring, a major outpouring of the spirit of the Lord, a stirring in the churches, a great move of the Holy Spirit with songs and worship like we've never heard.
Sounds from heaven, sounds from the throne room of God. It's time for Holy Spirit music like it was when they wrote the old hymnals. Those are still really good. I sing them all the time.
Not trying to get a Dove Award, trying to get just a 'Well done, thy good and faithful servant.'You brought worship and you worshiped me.
It wasn't about getting a multi-million dollar contract. When you lose yourself in worship and it's all about him, that's what he's looking for.
What are you doing? That fly. What are you doing whenever you're worshiping?
Are you singing for praise of man or are you singing to give him praise?
Where is your heart at when you're worshiping? What are you thinking about?
Are you thinking about the 5,000 other things you should be doing other than taking the time?
Are you putting your sole focus on him, our Father, and saying, 'God, I worship you today.'Have you stopped to give Jesus praise in your life today for what he's done?
No matter what it has been, no matter what you—well, it was just something so small.
You might have just gotten a cup of coffee from somebody. I don't know.
God, I just want to praise you for it. I'm talking to myself. You got to stop and give him praise.
Father, I thank you for the breakthroughs. I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord. I'm not moved by the struggles for whatever it may be.
But I don't give lip service or praise to the devil by telling the devil did this today, the devil did that.
You know, it's one of those days. Well, don't give your attention to the enemy and what he's doing.
Give God praise for how he's keeping you, for he's the God on the mountain and he's still the God in the valley. All right. Next.
It has been assumed that—okay, so they're saying that they don't believe that you can get the virus unless you're in close contact with somebody.
An expert now suggests it's possible it may be more contagious than thought.
So did I read that wrong, son? No, they're saying close contact with someone having symptoms.
You got more contagious. I have prayed over this virus a quarter of my day.
I won't say all of it. A quarter of it. This is not it. I repeat, I'm telling you this is a trial run.
I have prayed over this and prayed over this and I asked the Lord, I said, 'I saw in the spirit 2028 to pray over 2028 concerning a release from China concerning this virus and it would try to affect the election.'It would try to do things in 2028.
Now we're in 2026. We're early, right? It was the end of 2027 going into 2028 like they did COVID, and I believe this is a trial run.
I don't believe this is it. I just don't. And when I keep praying over it, I feel like it's going to die out and it'll go away.
It's not going to be. This is with the mice. It's with the rats supposedly.
Now, the Lord showed us that it would be in Europe. And it would start in Europe and it would spread all over Europe.
Could this be the beginning of it? Could be. But do I feel like this is the main show?
No. There's something more. Could I be wrong? Yes. So, I just keep praying over it.
You keep praying over it with me. And I'm telling you all, I've seen something so much more once you get it.
There was no—for what they were trying to do with this genetic mutation of this.
It was fatal instantaneously. If you got it, you didn't last but a couple of hours, a couple of days.
You're gone. And so, it's very—people say it scares me. I'm not—like I said, it's time to get a backbone.
We have to get in the word. We have to. Fear will torment you and dominate your thoughts and it will run you ragged.
Fear, the Bible says it: 'Fear has torment.''Fear is torment.'For fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
Meditate on today if you're in fear about a lot of things: all the stuff you're seeing, gas prices, food shortages, the weather, and you know, 'Oh God, the sky is falling.'Meditate on the love of God today.
You have to meditate on the love. How much does my Father love me?
1 Corinthians 13. And you go over that. You go perfect love cast 1 John. Beloved, let us love one another.
For love is of God, and everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God.
He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love. Beloved, let us love one another.
God is love. Meditate on the love of God. Love will drive fear out the door.
Meditate on love today. Well, I've heard that we're in a recession.
Well, there's a lot of people calling a recession. The new guy took over tomorrow.
He's supposed to be sworn in by the end of the week. He's supposed to take Jerome Powell's job.
He's supposed to be looking for a new job. The new guy takes over.
But I said his eyes get as big as saucers when he gets into the whole thing and he sees where we are.
And I said he starts sweating like Jerome Powell did. And I saw 0.25%. He was trying to figure out how to lower interest rates.
He was trying to figure out how to make it for a booming housing market market. He was sweating, the new guy.
And I saw them trying to figure out how to stimulate the economy for midterms, trying to get the Clarity Act passed.
Well, they came up with a bill. They added 300 pages to this bill.
So it's becoming a pork bill. Obviously, something's on it. I don't know.
All of a sudden, it went from 100 pages, my son told me, to over 300 pages.
So what's in these 300 pages all of a sudden? So we're going to vote on it, I guess, on the 14th, which is Thursday.
They're going to vote on the Clarity Act on Thursday. But they've added 300 pages to it.
What's all in these 300 pages? Am I quoting that right? Yeah.
I don't know the exact number, but they definitely did add 300 pages.
And then they said they're going to release more UFO files on Thursday.
The same day they vote for the Clarity Act, they're supposed to release more UFO stuff.
So Clarity Act, UFOs, same day. Busy day. But was it a distraction over here to release the beast system over here?
Do you remember that? So we're going to vote on the Clarity Act on Thursday and then we're going to release more UFO files on Thursday.
You'll be looking over here while we're voting over here. Do you remember that?
So if that happens, pretty interesting, Thursday. So is that true? I don't know. What did you say?
It says the Pentagon will be releasing requested 46 videos in the coming weeks, the next 30 days or so.
I'm talking with the Pentagon this Thursday; we will obtain these 40-plus documents that we have been specifically requesting.
So they're supposed to talk on Thursday. Okay. So I guess they're going to vote after she talks to him.
I don't know what all this is about, but they're supposed to have that all on Thursday.
So Thursday is a busy day. So the new guy gets voted in on Thursday. Correct. Yeah.
So all these three major things on Thursday, from what I understand: Clarity and all this other.
So what's going on on the same day? Will it happen that way? I don't know.
Will there be a delay? I don't know. I just think it's kind of interesting. I just watch. Okay, is that it?
See right there: Jerome Powell's term as Fed chair ends Thursday, May 15th, with Kevin to be confirmed.
See, Thursday. So the alien thing on Thursday, this on Thursday, and the Clarity Act.
Where's that? You show them that they vote on the Clarity Act.
I believe it's Thursday or Friday. Thursday. Yeah, I think it was the 14th or something like that.
Is it the 14th or 15th? Because May 15th is Thursday. So that actually will be tomorrow if they're going to vote.
I had it on last night: May 14th. Okay. So tomorrow they're supposed to vote on the Clarity Act.
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. So how is that on Thursday? They don't know their own days.
I don't think they do. See? The 14th is Thursday. Yeah, they're saying Thursday the 15th. That guy got messed up.
I looked it up and I said, 'Yeah, he definitely messed up.'The first time it was Thursday.
Yes. So she wants to release it on Thursday and he's voting out on Friday.
So is that Thursday the 15th or 14th? It doesn't matter. You all get the picture.
It is a really busy week. That's all that matters, and we'll keep continuing to pray.
The other part was praying over this massive gathering of Christian Americans, all of them gathering in Washington on the 17th. Now, I haven't touched that much for reasons.
I haven't touched it much in my prayer time of what I feel, praying over America, praying over the rededication of America to God on Sunday.
So, praying a covering over our nation. Okay, so that's good.
Exciting times. Are we done? I kept it underneath 30 minutes, though, didn't we?
Yeah, that's pretty good. We did good. Get out of here, fly. I have a little fly catcher thing.
Oh, and then Russia sent some kind of nuclear stuff to North Korea.
Did you see that, son? A Russian ship sank in mysterious circumstances.
It may have been carrying submarine nuclear reactors to North Korea. It just sank all of a sudden. I wonder why. What happened?
Oh, the submarine that's going away in the distance from the United States.
I don't know what happened. All right. So Russia, do you have that?
Play it. I cannot stand CNN, but you can play it. I wonder what happened to that hole.
It was a drone. Do you have it? You probably shouldn't play it because they're from the devil.
In my opinion, Kim Jong-un is upset now. He doesn't look too sad, does he?
He wants those parts. So a lot going on, but okay. Are you ready to pray? Let's pray now.
Father, we just thank you for all that you've done and all that you've yet to do.
There are 7,000 of you. Let's pray. We can get a lot done with 7,000 people.
Let's just go right in his backyard and just wreak havoc and pray and believe God for covering over all these things that we need covering for, and rain and everything there.
If one of us can put a thousand to flight, think of what 7,000 of us could do.
So, Father, we just thank you for the body. We submit ourselves unto you.
We resist the devil and he must flee. We submit to you, Father.
And all the trials and the temptations of life and all the things that weigh us down throughout the day and our busy work week and all the things that we go through.
Father, when the storms of life try to knock us down, we run to you.
We run to you. We keep our eyes on you. We keep our eyes on you. You are our creator.
You are our friend, our confidant. Father, I thank you, Lord.
And we take this body and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for all that you've done and all that you've yet to do.
You are our healer, you're our deliverer, and we trust you confidently that if God be for us, who can be against us?
And we thank you, Lord, Father, that we hear what you want us to hear, we see what you want us to see.
We yield to the anointing of the watchmen, the prophetic, whatever you may have for us, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that we see that which is to come uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We thank you, Father, that we're led by your spirit and we hear you and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you've yet to do.
And we're healed and whole and well in Jesus'name. I just saw something when I was taking this.
I saw Lyme disease, this fear of this tick fever. We address these ticks being released upon our nation.
We address this in the name of Jesus. Satan, get your hands off of our farmland, off of our cattle.
You get your hands off of our deer and the livestock with all these ticks.
We say in the name of Jesus, these parasite ticks are dying in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over these ticks and we say, 'Devil, you stop it and you stop it now.
We have authority over this and we will not have it.'Thank you, Father, for chickens.
They like ticks; they eat the ticks. Thank you, Lord, for birds. Thank you, Lord, for the animals that eat those things.
And Lord, we thank you that we have angels that are just like exterminators in the spirit realm.
They'll go and just spray them with some kind of glory stuff and kill them all, Father, if they need to.
Father, we believe that you are our protector and ticks are a pest, same as mosquitoes and fleas and flies. Thank you, Father. The healing belongs to our bodies.
And if they've been bit by the ticks and Lyme disease, we call healing and wholeness and wellness over them and the Hantavirus or Hantavirus or whatever it's called.
We say it's under our feet too. We say in the name of Jesus as we join together, it will not happen anymore.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this. It dies now in Jesus'name. We take authority over the spread of this.
And we thank you, Lord, that you've given us authority over our bodies and we call ourselves healed and whole and well.
And we thank you, Lord, that we arise and shine and we give you all the glory for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you, Father, for the body.
I thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
Amen. Amen. You believe that tonight? You have to believe it.
Thank you for the blood. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood and it never loses its power. We apply the blood and we thank you, Father.
No weapon formed against us would prosper. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord.
If there's anything you want us to do tonight, God, we do it with great victory.
We take the blood right now in Jesus'name. Amen. Interesting.
It's about those ticks when I was looking over there and I was taking communion right then.
Come breathe upon me, breath of God. Breathe upon me. Spirit of the Lord, fill me with life anew that I may love the way you love and do what you do.
Breathe upon me until my heart is pure. Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord, as I lift my hands and surrender to your name, O Most High.
I'm yielding to your spirit. I'm walking in your love. Jesus, I adore you.
Jesus, I adore your holy name. Let your glory fill this house.
Let your praises fill my heart. Let each vessel offer up to you the sacrifice of praise.
You alone are holy. You alone are worthy. You deserve the glory, Jesus, you alone.
Let your praises fill my mouth. For you alone are holy. You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory, Jesus, you alone. For you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy. You deserve the glory, Jesus, you alone.
We worship you. For the God of the mountain is still God in the valley.
When things go wrong, life is easy when you're up on the mountain and you've got peace of mind like you've never known.
But when things change and you're down in the valley, don't lose faith, for you're never alone.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night.
We talk of faith when we're up on the mountain, but talk comes so easy when life's at its best.
But in the valley there are trials and temptations. That's when your faith is really put to the test.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night.
Father, I thank you, Lord. Life is easy when you're up on the mountain and you've got peace of mind like you've never known.
But when things change and you're down in the valley, don't lose faith, for you're never alone.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night.
We talk of faith when we're up on the mountain, but talk comes so easy when life's at its best.
But in the valley of trials and temptations, that's when your faith is really put to the test.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times, he's still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night.
There's certain songs when I sing them, they're so real to me because he's been that.
And they're the loudest; I sing them when I'm having a hard time. But Father, we just lift up every need tonight.
No matter what people are going through, you're the God on the mountain.
You're the God in the valley. You're the God in the day and you're the God in the night.
No matter if they've lost somebody dear and precious to them by death or they got diagnosed with cancer today.
Maybe they have some incurable disease. Maybe they were told their child was dead in their womb, stillborn or something. The God on the mountain is still God in the valley.
When life tries to sucker punch you and you feel that there's no air in your lungs and you don't know how you're going to make it to the next day, you cry yourself to sleep the next night.
God's there, an ever-present help in a time of need. There's so many that are believing for so much.
And I thank you, Father, that you are the great supply. And we call those things that be not as though they were.
And we speak to finances for people. We pray, Father, for their finances.
We pray for the seeds that they've sown in the past that they come to harvest at last.
We call forth financial freedom for creative ideas to get wealth, that they owe no man anything but to love them.
And in the valley of trials and temptations, that's where our faith is really put to the test.
We believe, Father, that we receive everything you have for us.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night. There's a refreshing for you.
He said, "We pray that refreshing over you right now in the name of Jesus."There's so many of you that are at the end of your rope.
You're saying, "I can't make it another day, Brandon. I need help."Help's on the way.
Holy Spirit, flood their house today, their car, their workplace, wherever they are.
Fill them with that hope. Our hope is built on Jesus. My hope is built on nothing less.
On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand.
On Christ the solid rock I'll stand. All other ground is sinking sand.
My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus'blood and righteousness.
I dare not trust the sweetest frame but wholly lean on Jesus'name.
On Christ the solid rock I'll stand. All other ground is sinking sand.
We stand with you. When darkness veils his lovely face, I rest on his unchanging grace.
In every high and stormy gale, my anchor holds within the veil.
The people wrote those songs out of pressure. They write them from their spirit.
That's what I'm talking about: Holy Ghost songs, Holy Spirit-led songs that come through the throne.
On Christ the solid rock I will stand. All other ground is sinking sand.
My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus'blood and his righteousness.
I dare not trust the sweetest frame but wholly lean on Jesus'name. We just lean on you, Lord.
This is a good one: In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended.
In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
We believe it. Father, we worship you tonight. When we get to the other side, it's so amazing. He just keeps saying it over me.
He says, "Brandon, I'm bringing them to the place to drink today for they are weary."Many of them are weary in well-doing and they need to drink today.
Come to the water, there is a vast supply. Come to the fountain that never shall run dry.
There is a river and it flows from deep within. There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin.
Come to this water, there is a vast supply. There is a river that never shall run dry.
He is my river. He is my vast supply. Father, we just worship you tonight.
There's things breaking off of you tonight as you worship and you just sit in his presence.
It just takes all that heaviness from the world off if you just sit at the river.
There's so many people that are so busy in a hurry to go nowhere.
The cares of this world will choke the life right out of you. We rest in you. I trust you, Lord.
I'm never even worried that I might not make it through because I trust you.
Because I know you love me, I will always trust in you. Oh, what a faithful God, you'll never let me down.
I'm not going to worry. I'm trusting in you, Lord. I trust you, Lord, I do.
Because I know you love me, I will always trust in you. We trust you, Father, because you are our everlasting friend.
You see, I haven't been able to really find the vein. It's just been surrendering to worship, following in his footsteps.
It's like, "What does he want?"I just keep hearing songs. I said, "What do you want me to pray for, though?"and I'm listening.
I'm never even worried that I might not make it through because I trust you.
Because I know you love me, I will always trust in you. I thank you, Father.
I'm telling you that fire is dead in Jesus'name. Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine! Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
I'm an heir of salvation, purchased of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood.
This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
Perfect submission, perfect delight, visions of rapture now burst on my sight.
Angels descending, bringing from above echoes of mercy, whispers of love.
When I was singing, I could see the sign again, but this time it was beautiful and it was setting.
A prayer of faith, we call the rain. We call the rain over our land in the name of Jesus.
We call in the rain from the north, the south, the east, the west.
We call the low-pressure system to come over the north, over the west, over the south, over the east.
We call the rain in Jesus'name. We take authority over drought. Drought, go. Rain, come and flow.
Thank you, Lord, that we have authority over the weather and we call that rain in right now in Jesus'name.
I'm in Washington, D.C. right now. I see a big American flag as a backdrop on a stage.
I see a big military parade. I see the Navy in their white outfits with the bow ties.
I see sailors walking in formations. I see the Army. Now I see a cobra's head.
I see a firework fountain on the ground. I see a red birthday hat like a cone, and it has gold on it for the 250.
I see a birthday hat. It has sparkles on the top and streamers from the top of this hat that go for the 250th.
There are silver streamers coming off this red cone hat. I see the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
I see wreaths. I see red, white, and blue. I see flowers. They look like carnations.
They are red, white, and blue on the carnations. They've been spray-painted on a wreath.
I see a green wreath and our soldiers. We have military men at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, and I see a wreath.
It's for Memorial Day; it's a timeframe. I plead the blood over my eyes; I plead the blood over me. I'm going to say what I saw.
I see it's out of Seattle and Portland: these two hands that are skeletons with a black cloak dripping off of them.
They were there, and it went across the nation. Enough. The pus beast, brooch.
parlay can mean a discussion between enemies or opposing sides.
parlay can mean to use success or advantage to get something better.
So he parlayed his success into a full-time career. There will be a parlay between enemies or opposing sides.
I don't understand it, so I'm going to keep praying. It is about Putin, a parlay with Putin.
Decay. I saw these dark hands go across the land. I saw these hands in the Seattle area, and they slammed together upon Seattle.
They clapped like a plow going through dirt, but they were skeleton hands with cobwebs and black hanging off them.
It looked like death, like you would see the Grim Reaper. Omens. Omens.
I'm taking you back to Memorial Day because you start going way over here.
He said, 'Go back to Memorial Day; go back to the celebration of the 250th.'I see France.
How old is the Statue of Liberty? France gave us the Statue of Liberty.
It's 139 years old. Its birthday is October 28th. I see gifts coming from nations for the 250th.
I see a blue, white, and red flag. Today I thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come.
I see Trump's face. I see a piece of jewelry. It looks like it has a green emerald in the center with beautiful gold.
The gem is an oval shape, a green emerald in the middle of this beautiful gold.
It's not like gold you would see on a gold bullion. This gold is so beautiful; it is a gift with diamonds all around it.
These diamonds are on a string dangling from something that looks like a bow. It looks like a brooch with diamonds all around it.
The diamonds are the size of my thumb, big diamonds draping down off of this golden thing.
The gold is almost translucent. There's a beautiful emerald.
This emerald is absolutely stunning. This is a gift, and I see a pentagram in it.
I see a hidden pentagram in this. It's in the circle, a satanic emblem in the middle of the emerald.
It's underneath the emerald. I see a skull, an actual human skull.
I hear it's like Hamlet, like Romeo and Juliet. 'Able to dethrone.'I always camp around it, Lord.
He said, 'That's not the point. I'm showing you something. It's symbolism.'It has to do with the alien files, the alien stuff, the demonic.
It's attached to the lizards. This gift is attached to the lizards.
It's dark. Now this is interesting: a turtle shell. On this turtle shell, there are green jewels again.
In between the plates on the turtle's back, it is laced with beautiful, translucent gold.
What is going on with this lizard people stuff? It's about a bloodline.
It's about what they're about to release. This is very evil.
They've built altars to this demonic being. It looks like a lizard thing.
They have offerings; they're golden with emeralds. Gold and emeralds are for the lizard, with a pentagram in it.
When they release this, I see the eyes. I bind you in Jesus'name.
When they start to release these files, when they start to release the dark, there are things they're even hesitant to reveal because of shock and awe.
I see things they're toying with. They're playing with you. They don't want to release this dark secret. It's lizards.
The next phase of what they're about to reveal is just mid-grade.
Then there is some stuff that's bad, and then there's worse. What they are doing with the little videos is toying.
There's a level, and then there's another string attached with the diamonds for what they reveal on purpose for the Mahdi.
It's attached to the Nephilim. It's dark. They say it's royalty, like royalty tiers.
This level down here is toying. They're toying with you, toying like cat and mouse with you.
This here, then a string right above it; this is pretty bad. I see mild, what they'll release, then extreme, then mild.
This is nothing. toying, when they get to mild, they want to see the people.
This has three levels. I plead the blood. Oh my goodness. Okay, I see caves.
I see a certain kind of energy in these caves. And in this is some kind of light that looks like a stone that has energy.
There's a stone that looks like an egg that has energy. It's light; it's evil.
It looks alive. No, no, no, I bind you. There's some of this. I see the deception of this, but it's all surrounding a pentagram. It's all surrounding Satan; that's what the Lord said.
It's all going around the deception of the all-seeing eye—the Illuminati all-seeing eye, the root and the fruit of the all-seeing eye on a golden pyramid.
There's things here that are darker than you realize. But the Lord said it's all centered around Satan, the deceiver, the accuser of the brethren.
What in the world? I see these fallen angels with their golden wings.
They're on a path that's leading to this thing. Where does that lead to, Lord?
What is that? There's levels of the heavens. There's levels of the third heaven. It's dimensions.
I'm going to say this, and I don't know if I probably should hold that; I don't have scripture to back it.
So, okay, I haven't studied it. I've got to ask the elders. Satan is not in hell.
He's up and above. He's in that third heaven, that third realm.
I see him up there. It's a dimension. There's something very dark what I'm seeing.
I see the fallen angels—not the giants, but the ones that were bound.
They were sleeping with the women. Those demonics look like principalities.
They look very golden with black on them. Do you know the lizards?
This is like lizards. I'm going to be very careful with this. It's the deities; they're lizards.
They look like lizard people—golden lizards, golden-looking lizard things.
They built these things that are like jewelry, like offerings.
I had to get deeper in this river. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus—there's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
It's because it's so close to the end, as in the days of Noah. So will it be. Jesus, it's time to reveal.
It will fulfill prophecy, things they've been hiding for generations.
There's groups like the Knights Templar, groups like people who try to preserve things and they pass it down from generation to generation.
This is like the Illuminati; this is dark. There's a pyramid over it, but I'm talking this is something dark.
But the root of the whole thing to the fruit is Satan. This is to deceive. What brings the great falling away?
The great apostasy, the great falling away to bring a shaking to the church.
Shaking the church, shaking. And I see the rats running on the ground. I see rats. Before the golden portals...
You've got to get in the word so that you won't be deceived at what's coming.
I'm not telling you who to listen to, but I'd listen to a lot of Brother Hagin, Kenneth Hagin stuff. Feed on the word of God.
Kenneth Hagin—I have a lot of roots of listening to his tapes and his stuff when I was a kid, and I still listen to Brother Hagin.
He's so sound. Brother Kenneth E. Hagin's Word of Faith teaching about walking in love.
You've got to get yourself filled up with the word of God. Rhema, I'm seeing some stuff very dark, and I'm not talking about some of this.
I'm seeing these portals, I'm seeing stuff, but there's great detail to this.
I could write books. This is very bad. There's demonic stuff with fallen angels.
We didn't know what they look like, but I do; I'm seeing glimpses of them tonight.
And they look similar to the good ones, but they're bad. You can see their skin; they have a dingy black on them.
They're fallen. Their armor looks similar, but some of them look like lizards. I don't know how else to describe it, but it is very dark.
And they have armor on that looks like opal, like the one I saw in here that was protecting me, similar to the armor on their bodies and the way they looked.
They look very demonic, like animals. You know, we always have these pictures of angels looking like a little girl or a guardian angel with armor, a sword, and a shield.
These look like creatures. They don't look like human form like you would see like a muscly angel like I've seen.
This looks like something out of a Star Wars movie. Some of them looked hairy. Some of them look like Chewbacca from Star Wars.
Looked like Chewbacca, but it was with gray-looking hair with black, and they almost looked like Chewbacca.
It was very demonic, what I was looking at. But they were on a path and they were surrounding the devil's throne.
There was a path where he sits. It was like above and it looked like a kingdom of itself.
I don't understand it. I saw all kinds of different colors, but the things that I was seeing were very dark.
But then I saw it upon the earth and I saw lizards. But I saw lots of things like jewelry, diamonds, and beautiful gold and emeralds.
I'm saying because it was beautiful. The jewelry, the stones—these stones, that's all I can tell you.
Stones that looked alive; they had life to them. They look like they had stars and they were moving inside these stones.
There was something going on with these stones, these rocks. One of them looked like a lion's head. It was evil looking.
And when I got inside that realm, when I was allowed to go into this, there was all kinds of openings to this cave.
And it was all the way around. And there was all these paths that lead to this one center in the middle.
But each cave was opened up and all led to this thing that looked like a light, but it wasn't a light.
It was a golden-looking egg thing that was on a pedestal and it was demonic in this dark thing.
And as I looked at it, it was very evil. I don't know what this is.
But there's darkness and people don't understand the deception that's going to try to get a great falling away.
We're so used to Hollywood desensitizing us with Star Wars movies and things like that.
So some of you probably be like, "Well, it's just AI when they reveal some of this."But it was tiers of darkness. And this up here was shock and awe.
There was something so dark, but it was mid-grade, high level, and then toying, like they're playing with you.
There are distractions, but there's something much darker.
Midgrade was bad, but the high level was out of the park. It was something very evil, but that's what the Lord said.
Do you see? It's all sitting around the pentagram; it's all around the devil.
There's no separation from evil. Evil is evil; light is light.
God is a good God and the devil is a bad devil. There's no in-between. Do you understand?
What I'm trying to tell you is God is good beyond how good could be, and the devil is as bad as bad could be.
There is no gray. And what you're about to see will look like a lot of gray.
This is all going to be the shiny thing; it's the jewelry. It's symbolic.
Remember what the Lord said? It's symbolic. It will draw people in.
The jewelry drew me. It was beautiful, and I was looking at it, and it was mesmerizing.
You could look at it; He said it's symbolic. What I'm showing you is a symbol.
Do you remember me saying that? It draws you in. It makes you want to look at it.
It was beautiful, attractive to the eye and the flesh. And it made me want to look at it.
I was looking at it, but it drew me in. Whatever this is will draw you in.
It makes you want to look at it because it's mesmerizing; it has a light to it. It makes you puzzled.
It made me look because I was looking at it and I thought, 'What am I looking at?'because the jewelry drew me in.
And I'm not a jewelry person. I mean, I have a ring or whatever, but this was extravagant like a brooch.
It was beautiful, but it draws in your flesh. It mesmerizes you like something hypnotic—a great falling away.
What deceives the nation? The devil. How? With his Antichrist.
How does it all happen? How does everybody worship him so freely?
What are the jewels that everybody's looking for when they focus on this? And I could see it. It was on a pedestal.
And the Lord said, 'And then I saw three levels.'Something so deceitful, something so divisive, and we're so desensitized.
Christians, you've got to come up higher in your prayer life with Him.
Great deception is coming. You must know Jesus Christ with all your heart.
Don't allow the devil and his shiny things to distract you from the days ahead.
I saw things being presented to Trump. I saw this and I said it is symbolic.
What is that? And I saw Macron and I saw lineages of people. I thought, 'What is that?'My mouth went dry.
Father, we just pray for President Trump as he's on his way to China right now with Hannity and all these others.
Father, I pray for protection around him. Father, I thank You, Lord, that he does not fall to all the demonic.
I thank You, Father, that he remains strong. I pray over his children, his grandchildren, and his marriage.
I pray over him, Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
Keep him strong. Help him to resist so that we submit ourselves unto God. We resist the devil and he will flee.
We apply the blood of Jesus over President Trump, over his trip to China, and over his trip across Asia.
And we thank You, Lord, that he is covered by the blood. No assassins, nothing comes near him, no shooters, nothing.
He is covered by the blood. And I thank You, Lord, that the body of Christ rises up and is that backbone and starts to be what we're called to be.
We apply the blood of Jesus over the church. And I thank You, Lord, that they find You in a way that they've never found You before.
For all that is coming and the great deceptions that are coming, however they present themselves, Father, we keep our eyes on Jesus.
We stay vertical and we keep our eyes on Jesus today. We don't allow the shiny thing to distract us.
Father, I pray over our soldiers and over the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier and over what it represents—Memorial Day and all that's coming in the days ahead, over the Fourth of July and over the 250 years.
We apply the blood, Lord. I thank You, Jesus, that the angels of the Lord are around and about us.
Father, we will not bow our knee. We will not bend our knee. We come close to You and keep our eyes on You.
For we know You are God and there is none like You. Jehovah our God, 'I Am that I Am.'There is none like You.
Jesus, name above all names. Beautiful Savior, Living Word, Immanuel, God is with us.
Blessed Redeemer. We're so grateful for all of you coming out tonight and praying with us.
I really don't know what to say about what I'm seeing, so I hold it. There's something much bigger coming. Jesus is coming.
But we're all so distracted with the wars and the rumors of wars and the plagues.
There's something so much greater and the people aren't ready.
The end of the end, the closing of this dispensation of grace.
I'm excited. Jesus is coming. Well, thank you for being here tonight.
We really appreciate every single one of you. Thank you for your support.
God bless you all. Remember, we love you so much. We pray you were blessed by this today and we will see you again.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you.